deploy/node/README.md, before:

# brainCloud NodeJS client

## Installation

```bash
yarn add braincloud
# or
npm install braincloud
```

NOTE: peer dependency of reac-native is only needed when used within a React-Native application, see below.

## Usage 

```javascript
var bc = require("braincloud")

function authenticated(response) {
    console.log("Did get Authenticated to profileId:" + response.data.profileId);
    var shareable = true;
    var replaceIfExists = true;
    _bc.brainCloudClient.file.prepareFileUpload("tests","dummyFile",shareable,replaceIfExists,)
}
_bc = new bc.BrainCloudWrapper("_mainWrapper");

secret = "aaaaaaaa-bbbb-0000-cccc-111111111111";
appId = "00000";

console.log("Initializing brainCloud");
_bc.initialize(appId, secret, "1.0.0");

console.log("Authenticating anonymously to brainCloud");
_bc.authenticateAnonymous(authenticated);
```

**React-Native Usage**

```javascript
import { BrainCloudWrapper } from 'braincloud/react-native';

_bc = new bc.BrainCloudWrapper("_myApp");

secret = "aaaaaaaa-bbbb-0000-cccc-111111111111";
appId = "00000";

console.log("Initializing brainCloud");
_bc.initialize(appId, secret, "1.0.0");

console.log("Authenticating anonymously to brainCloud");
 _bc.authenticateAnonymous(function (response) {
     if (response.status === 200) {
         console.log("Did get Authenticated to profileId:" + response.data.profileId);
     }
});

```
## Implementation notes

### File Upload

The file upload works slightly different in this implementation if not used in the web. Instead of using **XMLHttpRequest** you need to use **XMLHttpRequest4Upload**. Also the file object passed into *uploadFile* call needs to be a Read Stream from the nodes fs module.

```javascript
var fs = require("fs")
... 
_bc.brainCloudClient.file.prepareFileUpload("test2", fileName, shareable, replaceIfExists, fileSize, function (result) {
    if (result.status == 200) {
        var uploadId = result.data.fileDetails.uploadId;
        var xhr = new XMLHttpRequest4Upload();
        file2 = fs.createReadStream("./someFile.ext");
        file2.size = fileSize;
            xhr.addEventListener("load", transferComplete);
        xhr.addEventListener("error", transferFailed);
        console.log("Uploading file with id:" + uploadId + " (size : " + fileSize + " )");
        _bc.brainCloudClient.file.uploadFile(xhr, file2, uploadId);
    } else {
        console.log("Error preparing for upload, " + result.reason_code );
    }
}
...
```
Only `load` and `error` listeners are triggered in this implementations.


File upload is not yet supported in **React-Native**.

### Sessions

Sessions are not maintained across executions of scripts. i.e. Each script must initialy login.

Commit message:

Updated to use @react-native-community/async-storage
since react-native/AsyncStorage usage is deprecated.

deploy/node/README.md, after:

# brainCloud NodeJS client

## Installation

```bash
yarn add braincloud
# or
npm install braincloud
```

NOTE: peer dependency of ***@react-native-community/async-storage*** is only needed when used within a React-Native application, see below.

## Usage 

```javascript
var bc = require("braincloud")

function authenticated(response) {
    console.log("Did get Authenticated to profileId:" + response.data.profileId);
    var shareable = true;
    var replaceIfExists = true;
    _bc.brainCloudClient.file.prepareFileUpload("tests","dummyFile",shareable,replaceIfExists,)
}
_bc = new bc.BrainCloudWrapper("_mainWrapper");

secret = "aaaaaaaa-bbbb-0000-cccc-111111111111";
appId = "00000";

console.log("Initializing brainCloud");
_bc.initialize(appId, secret, "1.0.0");

console.log("Authenticating anonymously to brainCloud");
_bc.authenticateAnonymous(authenticated);
```

**React-Native Usage**

```javascript
import { BrainCloudWrapper } from 'braincloud/react-native';

_bc = new bc.BrainCloudWrapper("_myApp");

secret = "aaaaaaaa-bbbb-0000-cccc-111111111111";
appId = "00000";

console.log("Initializing brainCloud");
_bc.initialize(appId, secret, "1.0.0");

console.log("Authenticating anonymously to brainCloud");
 _bc.authenticateAnonymous(function (response) {
     if (response.status === 200) {
         console.log("Did get Authenticated to profileId:" + response.data.profileId);
     }
});

```
See  https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-async-storage for additional information on AsyncStorage.


## Implementation notes

### File Upload

The file upload works slightly different in this implementation if not used in the web. Instead of using **XMLHttpRequest** you need to use **XMLHttpRequest4Upload**. Also the file object passed into *uploadFile* call needs to be a Read Stream from the nodes fs module.

```javascript
var fs = require("fs")
... 
_bc.brainCloudClient.file.prepareFileUpload("test2", fileName, shareable, replaceIfExists, fileSize, function (result) {
    if (result.status == 200) {
        var uploadId = result.data.fileDetails.uploadId;
        var xhr = new XMLHttpRequest4Upload();
        file2 = fs.createReadStream("./someFile.ext");
        file2.size = fileSize;
            xhr.addEventListener("load", transferComplete);
        xhr.addEventListener("error", transferFailed);
        console.log("Uploading file with id:" + uploadId + " (size : " + fileSize + " )");
        _bc.brainCloudClient.file.uploadFile(xhr, file2, uploadId);
    } else {
        console.log("Error preparing for upload, " + result.reason_code );
    }
}
...
```
Only `load` and `error` listeners are triggered in this implementations.


File upload is not yet supported in **React-Native**.

### Sessions

Sessions are not maintained across executions of scripts. i.e. Each script must initialy login.
